Department: Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board

1. Permission for new connection/ additional connection for water supply and Under Ground Drainage for multi-storied buildings.
Eligibility: The Owner or Occupier of the building residing in BWSSB serviceable area and who desires to have water supply or sanitary connection to his premises are eligible to get this service.
Supporting Document:
Building plan
Building photo with owner
Lease cum Sale deed or Sale Deed
Katha
  If previous receipts available, please attach
RWH Structure document (If applicable)
CFO (If STP is applicable)
OC (If applicable)
NOC (If applicable)
Application Fee : Rs.100
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : Rs.30
Delivery Time (Days) : 42 Days
Procedure for applying:
The application shall be filled in online along with photos of applicant, sanction plan Road cutting endorsement issued by BBMP/BDA, upto date tax paid receipt, occupancy certificate for multi storied buildings, khata certificate, photographs of building, owner, and rain water harvesting system, receipt of GBWASP payment to be uploaded. Then Assistant Engineer or Water Inspector will inspect and recommend the file. AEE will sanction the domestic house service connections at sub division office. In respect of multi storied buildings which attract prorata charges, the measurement of the building will be taken, recorded and recommended by AE and AEE then the file will be forwarded to office of Executive Engineer/Additional Chief Engineer/Chief Engineer/Engineer-In-Chief/Chairman to sanction the file depending on amount of prorata as per delegation of powers. Executive Engineer/Additional Chief Engineer/Chief Engineer/Engineer-In-Chief/Chairman will inspect the premises and take action to sanction the file.

2. Replacement of faulty Meters
Eligibility: Residents in Bengaluru having water and/or Sanitary Connection with RR number from BWSSB
Supporting Document:
Water Bill
Application Fee : Meter Cost will be raised as per the Dia of the water supply connection
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : Rs.20
Delivery Time (Days) : 8 Days
Procedure for applying:
The owner, occupier request for replacement of faulty meter through online or through written application at the sub division, duly providing the details of RR Nos. Meter Make, Meter No. and final reading of the meter.
AEE on preliminary verification of the request will forward the same to concerned Water Inspector of Service Station for Inspection and report.
Water Inspector inspects the premises of the building & observes the meter for two consecutive water supplies and submits the status of the meter.
If meter is found faulty and recommends for replacement fo meter.
Assistant Engineer after verification of the inspection report of Water Inspector, put up the file for replacement of faulty meter.
Assistant Executive Engineer verified the testing report and AEE will accord approval for replacement of faulty meters depending on the availability of meter in the stock. Draftsman will issue the new meter to Water Inspector for replacement of faulty meters and new meter will be fixed.

3. Transfer of Connection/Ownership (Industrial/ Commercial Connections/ Others Connections)
Eligibility: Residents in Bengaluru having water and/or Sanitary Connection with RR number from BWSSB
Supporting Document:
1)Sale Deed
2)Khatha Extract
3)Recent tax paid receipt
4)Water bill
5)Affidavit
Application Fee : Rs.250
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : Rs.25
Delivery Time (Days) : 10 working days
Procedure for applying:
The owner who desires to change the name in BWSSB water/ sanitary connections due to transfer in ownership of the property, have to submit the application through online duly providing the details of the communication Address, location address, Khatha Number, PID Number, BWSSB RRNumber and Name of the consumer to be changed against the BWSSB connection.
Sakala timeline starts from the time of submission of application online. GSC code will be generated and the application will be processed within 10 working days.
AEE verifies the reports submitted by AE/WI and Revenue Manager /Draughts Man and approves the application for change of name. •Demand note of Rs.250/- will be generated and Sakala timeline ends here.
Consumer has to pay the amount of Rs.250/- through Online. On receipt of payment against demand note ownership of the BWSSB connections will be changed.

4. Water Supply /Sewerage complaints
Eligibility: Any individual
Supporting Document:
No documents are required to be provided
Application Fee : There is no application fee
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : Rs.20
Delivery Time (Days) : 3 working days
Procedure for applying:
1.Applicant Logs into Seva Sindhu portal.
2. Login and fills the application form as per the instructions and submit the form.
3. Based on the nature of complaints - the water supply and the sanitary complaints, Action official attends the complaints and resolves

