Department: Department of Handlooms and Textiles

1. To provide 20 Percentage Rebate to societies upto INR 2 Lakhs
Eligibility: Handloom weavers co-operative and Apex co-operative societies.
Supporting Document:
Handloom weavers co-op societies/Apex societies should upload Annexure A (CA certified copy) in Seva Sindhu portal. All other documents can be submitted during field level inspection to the department officers.
1. First and Last sales Bill for sales rebate quarter.
2. Proforma 1 & 2
3. Annexure -B (Mandatory submission in Seva Sindhu portal)
4. Annexure -C
5. Annexure -D & D-1
6. Declaration about the financial assistance received from government in precribed format,
7. Raw materail purchase bills
Application Fee : NA
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : Rs.100
Delivery Time (Days) : 30 days
Procedure for applying:
Submit the Application using Seva sindhu portal for sanctioning of the rebate order for each quarter.

2. Issue of sanction letter to Partial withrawal and final settlement of thrift fund to Handloom weavers
Eligibility: Weavers Member of Primary Handloom Weavers Co-operative Societies and Weavers Member of Karnataka Handloom Development Corporation Sub-Centers.
Supporting Document:
1) Reason for withrawal from weaver.
2) Society resolution / KHDC recommondation.
3) Annexure-2 (Mandatory)
4) Weaver wise reconciled statement with treasury challans duly attested by DDO based on HOA
5) Table showing Weavers Amt to be dispursed by the society / KHDC.
Application Fee :
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : NA
Delivery Time (Days) : 30
Procedure for applying:
Submit the application using prescribed format through seva sindhu portal

3. Subidised Power tariff Scheme
Eligibility: Power loom and pre loom units having power connection from 1 to 20 HP which are involved in Power loom weaving and pre loom weaving activities like twisting/ doubling/ warping including pirn winding production activities.
Supporting Document:
1. Copy of PMT certificate / udyog Aadhaar.
2. Power sanction/ connection letter or order.
3. Documents pertaining to building-rented/ownership/ lease agrement.
4. Copy of the electricity bill and reciept
Application Fee : ಅನ್ವಯಿಸುವುದಿಲ್ಲ
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : Rs.100
Delivery Time (Days) : 30 days
Procedure for applying:
1. All eligible Powerloom and pre loom industries having sanctioned and connected load up to 20 hp.
2. The Dy Director/Asst.Director of handlooms and textile dept. will make a list of eligible units after due physical verification.
3. First time the list will be submitted to the jurisdictional electricity supply Companies (ESCOMs) Their after the Dy.Director/Asst/Director of Handlooms & textile Dept. will verify the status of the unit and report to the concern ESCOMS every six months.
4. The respective eleciricity supply companies will charge at the rate of Rs.1-25 per unit as per the scheme guidelines.
5. The eleciricity supply company will levy subsidized tariff to the list of units provided by the Department of Handlooms and Textile.
6. The difference of amount between the present rate of power tariff and the subsidized power tariff will be claimed by the respective eleciricity supply compaines from the Commissinor for the Textile Depvt. and Director of Handlooms and Textile once in six months.

4. Sanction of incentives and concessions on Investment proposals under Textile policy upto 25 lakhs only.(Credit Linked Capital Subsidy(NJN) service)
Eligibility: All the new / expansion / diversification/ modernization textile & garment units in which investments have been made by availing 50% term loans on eligible fixed assets from financial institutions are eligible to claim the subsidy.
Supporting Document:
a) Application in the prescribed form (in duplicate) – (Common Application Form A if registered)
b) Copy of Entrepreneur Memorandum from DIC/ MSME Certificate (Udyog Aadhar).
c) Detailed Project Report
d) Copy of Land and Power related documents viz. (Katha Extract, NA conversion, Power Sanction order, Land Allotment letter, possession letter).
e) Applicant Declaration as per Annexure 1
f) Statement of Fixed Assets in the prescribed format certified by the Unit – (Annexure 2)
g) Investment Certificate issued by the Bank or financial institution – (Annexure 3)
h) Copies of receipts / bills / vouchers etc. in respect of the payments made towards investment.
i) Copy of the loan sanction order of the concerned bank/ financial institution.
j) Government approved/ registered Engineers / Architect’s Certificate in the prescribed format regarding investment made on Construction of Building – (Annexure 5)
k) Investment Certificate in the prescribed format issued by Chartered Accountant – (Annexure 6)
l) Certificate from Bank / FI stating Loan details in the prescribed format – (Annexure 7)
m) Copy of First Sale Invoice
n) Form of declaration regarding employment of local persons– (Annexure9)
o) Copy of registered partnership deed / Memorandum and Articles of Association/ byelaws
p) Copy of Caste certificates in respect of SC/ST/Minority and appropriate certificate/ documents in respect of physically challenged/ Ex-servicemen entrepreneurs duly signed by the Competent Authority
q) Recommendation from District Officers and Division Officers (Annexure 11)
r) Any other document requested by the Department needs to be submitted by the project proponent
Application Fee : NA
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : Rs.100
Delivery Time (Days) : 30 Days
Procedure for applying:
The textile unit should file the claim in a time bound manner (with in 9 months from the 1st sale invoice) online with relevant documents in below mentioned website: http://www.karnatakadht.org
