Department: Directorate of Tourism

1. Homestay Registration
Eligibility: 1.The property where the individual or any of his or her family is intending to operate the Homestay must be owned by the individual who is applying for registration of Homestay
2.The owner of the Homestay or any of his or her family should physically reside in the same Homestay which he or she intends to register and operate
3.If the Homestay owner is operating more than one Homestay, then only one Homestay may be registered in which the owner resides.
4.The Homestay should have an internal road connection which is in good condition for easy access to the tourists visiting the Homestay
5.The proposed Homestay should not be registered as a hotel or a commercial establishment and should not have availed any benefits through policy / act / guidelines of the State or Central Government
Homestay owner should clearly inform to the guests about the facilities and the exact rates for availing the facilities
6.The Homestay unit should ensure that the dwelling is in good condition and clean for guests at all times, and is in accordance with the applicable regulatory measures including quality, health, hygiene, safety and fire safety
7.The name board at the main entrance of the Homestay should contain the logo of the Department of Tourism, Government of Karnataka and also the phrase “Registered with Department of Tourism, Government of Karnataka”. The same must be clearly visible from a considerable distance.
8.The Homestay should display an information board in the lobby containing the tariff details along with the details and phone numbers of the nearest police station (Local Jurisdiction) and hospital The same must be clearly visible from a considerable distance.
9.The details of every guest should be entered in the registration book and the same should also be maintained in digital format
10.The applicable registration fee for Homestay for a duration of 5 years is INR 500 (Indian Rupees Five Hundred only)
Supporting Document:
1.NOC from Local Authorities(Gram Panchayath/Pattana Panchayath/City Corporation/BBMP/Purasabhe etc)
2.NOC from Police Department
3.Ownership Document
4.Residential Certificate
5.Adhar Card
6.PAN Card
7.Homestay Photos (Inside, Outside, Bedroom,Bathroom, living room etc)
8.Owner Photo
Application Fee : Rs.500
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : Rs.40
Delivery Time (Days) : 45 days
Procedure for applying:
1.Applicant submits the application form after uploading necessary documents
2.AD/DD Forward/Reject/Seeks Clarification of the application submitted by applicant
3.Applicant will re-submit the requested document as a response to Seek Clarification
4.Assistant Director Approve/Rejects/Seek clarification of the application submitted by AD/DD
5.AD/DD will verify the details recived from DC and sent to applicant in response to seek clarification
6.The DC approves and output cerificate is issued
7.The DC rejects and endorsement/rejection is issued to the applicant with reason of comments

2. Travel Agent / Tour Operator
Eligibility: 1.The turn over in terms of Indian rupees or foreign exchange by the firm from tour related activities only should be a minimum of Rs.7.5 lakhs per year. This must be certified by the firm’s Auditor and latest FY Audited Profit and Loss Statements.
2.The Travel Agent/Tour Operator should have an office under the charge of the owner or a full-time staff, who is adequately trained/experienced in matters regarding transport, accommodation, currency, customs regulations and general information about tourism and travel related services.
3.The minimum office space should be at least 150 sq feet. Besides, the office may be located in neat and clean surroundings and equipped with telephone and computer reservation system etc.
4.The applicant must mandatorily upload a declaration stating that the travel agent on a monthly basis shall mandatorily share/upload the Tourist Arrival details( Foreign& Domestic) in the Karnataka Tourism Website.
5.A registration amount of Rs 500 to be paid, which is not refundable.
Supporting Document:
1.Registration / Incorporation Certificate
2.Registration certificate under Karnataka shops and Establishment act
3.Address Proof
4.List of Directors / Partners / Name of the Proprietor
5.Brochures or Leaflets
6.Copy of GST Registration Certificate
7.Copy of PAN
8.Details of Office Premises
9.Attested photograph of Proprietor / Partners / Authorized Representative of the Entity
10.Power of Attorney / Board Resolution
11.Photograph of the Office Building Exterior
12.Photograph of the Office Building Interior
13.Photograph of building with Board name stating name of the entity
14.Declaration stating that the travel agent on a monthly basis shall mandatorily share/upload the Tourist Arrival details( Foreign& Domestic) in the Karnataka Tourism Website
Application Fee : Rs.500
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : Rs.40
Delivery Time (Days) : 45 Working Days
Procedure for applying:
1. Applicant submits the application form after uploading necessary documents
2. AD/DD Forward/Reject/Seeks Clarification of the application submitted by applicant
3. Applicant will re-submit the requested document as a response to Seek Clarification
4. Assistant Director Approve/Rejects/Seek clarification of the application submitted by AD/DD
5. AD/DD will verify the details recived from JD and sent to applicant in response to seek clarification
6. The JD approves and output cerificate is issued
7. The JD rejects and endorsement/rejection is issued to the applicant with reason of comments
