Department: Food And Civil Supplies Department

1. Application for NPHH(APL) card
Eligibility: Citizen should reside in Karnataka and have valid Aadhar card belonging to Karnataka.
Supporting Document:
Citizen should upload online Aadhar number of each member
Application Fee : Rs.50
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : No Service Charge
Delivery Time (Days) : New NPHH (APL) Ration Card is immediately generated onlie.
Procedure for applying:
NA

2. Application for LPG Connection (Bharat Gas; HP Gas; Indane)
Eligibility: 1) Without considering salary, all permanent employees of Government or Government aided Organisation or Government sponsored Government owned organisation/Boards/Corporations/Deemed organizations and all families remitting Income Tax/Service Tax/VAT/Professional Tax.
2) Having 3 Hectare Dry land or equivalent Irrigation land in Rural areas.
3) In urban areas families having self owned pakka house with a dimension of more than 1000 square feet.
3) Families having four wheeler other than those having one self driven commercial vehicle either Tractor, Maxicab, Taxi etc for livelihood purpose.
4) Family Annual Income limit within Rs.120000.
Supporting Document:
Citizen should upload online
1. Aadhar number of each member and
2. Head of family Income certificate
Application Fee : Rs.50
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : No Service Charge
Delivery Time (Days) : The New PHH Ration Card is issued within 40 working days from the date of Government approval
Procedure for applying:
1. Applicant submits the form
2. Applicant will get the Acknowledgment
3. Department will process the application
4. Applicant will receive the LPG Connection

3. Application for the post of "President" of the Karnataka State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission
Eligibility: Serving / Retired Judges of Honble High Court
Supporting Document:
1.ID Card / Service Certificate
2.Uploading of Photo
3.Documents about achievement/publication (optional)
4.Documents supporting the additional information, if any (optional)
Application Fee : NA
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : Nil
Delivery Time (Days) : NA
Procedure for applying:
1. Fill the Application and upload the necessary documents.
2. Selection will be made by the Selection Committee constituted under Rule 6(1) of the Consumer Protection (Qualification for appointment, method of recruitment, procedure of appointment, term of office, resignation and removal of the President and members of the State Commission and District Commission) Rules, 2020, in consultation with and subject to the concurrence of the Chief Justice of the High Court as per the directions issued by the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India in Special Leave to Appeal (C)No. 25612/2023 vide its Order dtd. 07.03.2024.
INSTRUCTIONS TO THE APPLICANTS
(Applicants shall read the instructions before filling the Application)
1.Before submitting the application through online, the Applicant shall go through the Notification with regard to post, eligibility, term of office, Salary & allowances, mode/criteria of selection etc.,
2.The Applicants before submitting/filling the online Application, shall have the required information/documents beforehand.
3.Registration - The Applicants shall register with Seva-sindhu portal before applying to the post by creating user ID & Password (Aadhaar based).
4.Applicant is allowed to fill the Application either in Kannada or in English.
5.The Applicant is allowed to apply through online only till the last date as notified.
6.Applications through post or by hand directly to the concerned Department / State Consumer Commission / Selection Committee, will not be considered.
7.Applicant shall mention his/her valid e-mail ID and Mobile number in the Application. Further communications, if any, will be sent only through the registered e-mail / Mobile.
HOW TO APPLY TO THE POST ONLINE 1.Once the Applicant click on the link “Apply”, Application form will be displayed on the screen for proceeding further.
2.The Applicant must fill-in all the mandatory and other information including uploading of photo, scanned documents and signature and “click” on “Draft”. Applicant shall verify the details filled and if found correct, then click “Submit”.
3.Once submission of the Application is completed, the applicant shall download the acknowledgment for having submitted the Application.
4.In case Applicant needs clarification or finds any difficulty relating to technical issues while submitting the Application, may contact No.080-22279954 / 8792662814 / 8792662816 during the office hours i.e., between 09.30 AM to 6.30 PM (except on government holidays).
