Department: Forest, Ecology and Environment Department

1. Permission for felling of Sandal wood trees grown on Private lands
Eligibility: Ownership on land and the tree
Supporting Document:
1. Document pertaning to establish Right to land (year of grant or assignment and the period of the continuous occupation by the owner)
2. Document regarding Tenure of the land (hiduvali, Darkhast, lease, Coffee/Cardamom Malai, Bane, and so on and whether redeemed or unredemmed)
3. Revenue records along with the certificate of Deputy Commissioner or the Assistant Commissioner as per Government Circular No. RD 10 LGN 73 dated:4th June 1973.
4. RTC Copy- with Sy.No, Extent etc.,
5. Right to Sandalwood trees to be felled (Proof of right if any as per revenue records).
6. Consent of the other owners having share in the right to land and the trees, if any
Certified copies of the extracts of Revenue Records and the Survey Sketch certified by the Assistant Superintendent of Land Records.
7. Form-13: Form of declaration and indemnity to be furnished by the owner of land of sandalwood trees in the event of Forest Department undertaking extraction and removal on behalf of the owner)
8. The number of sandalwood trees intended to be felled and sold. (a detailed list with their girths at 1.37 metre height from ground level.)
Application Fee : NIL
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : Rs.30
Delivery Time (Days) : 45 days
Procedure for applying:
1. Submission of Application to Jurisdictional Range Forest Officer (RFO)
2. Verification of Application by Range Forest Officer and forwarding the same to Range Case worker for verification of documents
3. Verification of documents, writing to revenue department seeking revenue opinion if any required, updating the revnue opinion details and submission of application and remarks to Range Forest Officer
4. Forwarding application by Range Forest Officer to concerned Deputy Range Forest Officer (DRFO)/ Beat Forester for field inspection and report
5. Spot verification, measurement of trees and submission of report by Deputy Range Forest Officer to Range Forest Officer
6. Verification of report submitted by DRFO and/or spot verification by Range Forest Officer and submission of report to the jurisdictional Assistant Conservator of Forests (ACF)
7. Verification of report submitted by RFO and/or spot verification by ACF and submission of report to the jurisdictional Deputy Conservator of Forests (DCF)
8. Forwarding the application by DCF to Division Manager to verify the documents and reports submitted by RFO & ACF
9. Verification of application, field verification reports and recommendations of RFO& ACF and submission of report to DCF 10. According/Rejecting Felling Permission by DCF
