Department: Karnataka Public Service Commission

1. Application for Departmental Examination conducted by KPSC
Eligibility: Criteria based on subjects opted by the candidate as per Department Notification:http://www.kpsc.kar.nic.in/DE2020F.PDF
Supporting Document:
1.Recommendation letter from the Head of Office for taking scribe in the Departmental
2.ExaminationCertificate of disability as per G.O.DPAR 115 SENENI 2005 dt. 19-11-2005 format
3.No Objection Certificate obtained from Head of Office/Appointed authority
4.Cadre & Recruitment copy
5.Form-D
6.Accounts Higher Certificate
7.Marks card indicating the subject studied claimed for Degree based exemptions
8.Degree Certificate
Application Fee : NA
Service Charge (Free for Online Submission) : NA
Delivery Time (Days) : NA
Procedure for applying:
1.Candidates shall access Seva Sindhu portal through Seva Sindhu Website (https://sevasindhu.karnataka.gov.in)
2.If the candidate has an existing account in Seva Sindhu, he/she shall login with his/her username & password or Mobile number & OTP on the portal
3.If the candidate does not have an account in Seva Sindhu, he/she mustclick on “New User? Register here” after which Digilocker page will open.
4.Candidates shall access Seva Sindhu portal through Seva Sindhu Website (https://sevasindhu.karnataka.gov.in).
5.Candidate shall create his/her Seva Sindhu account by entering valid Email Address and Mobile number. By creating Password and entering the OTP received on Email and Mobile Number, candidate shall successfully register in Seva Sindhu.
6.After logging in, candidate shall click on the Link “Apply for KPSC Departmental Exam” on the Home page.
7. Candidate shall read all the necessary instruction and fill the application form. After pressing “Submit” a preview of the application form filled is available
8.The candidate shall attach necessary documents by clicking on “Attach Annexure”.
9.Once documents are uploaded, candidate shall click on “Save Annexures”. A preview of the application form along with annexures is available.
10.Candidate then shall click on “eSign and Make Payment” and click on “I agree with above user consent and eSign terms and conditions”.
11.Candidate shall enter Aadhar Number and it shall be validated using OTP.
12.Candidate shall make online paymentby clicking on “Make Payment”
13.An acknowledgment Form is generated once application is submitted. The Application No. shall be used for futurecorrespondence.
14.In case of any clarifications, candidates can call 080-4455 4455.

